today this is probably this
last video of me on my channel
with this microphone so with my
rohde microphone with that I have too
My news is always made though
the problem that I have a relative here
have big space in which I record and
I always have a lot of reverb and that
Of course, if it's on the microphone
camera is always a bit stuck
away
that's why I already have some
time said I absolutely needed
level the microphone so an increase
micro that i am here on my t-shirt
or to my hampton can infect and
so that the sound is better then one
a bit bass-heavy and with less
of course, I have myself
now informed and
kindly have me now
colleagues of edge a lavallee microphone
namely the etm 006 for disposal
and I wanted that now
easy time boxing and one you
show a bit and then right now
still a comparison video to the
single microphones show
yes that is in different
Cable lengths once with five meters that
Here are five meters with me
So a little bit of leeway and
then I believe with ten meters
a bit shorter and longer and that
costs about 70 euros a yes I would
say that's sort of an entry
caballé so there are definitely still
much more expensive so natural is that
now stupid unboxing because I hold this
but should keep in the microphone
next or in the next videos
I will definitely be there
in any case, the solarworld microphone
then I have two again
Hands free that's a little bit better
So I'll put that on here now
between the legs
here again the cover while the
microphones tdm 0 06 in any case very much
well that something still inside the
well , it's time to go out
no matter
then I put this down again
The whole thing is packed in such a
sneak cover in such a bag here
stands again equity trust your sound
but unpack the whole time like
said 5 meters I really needed
yet a new hand a new time
down there on the floor because I'm allowed to
it does not look so special right now
is on the side but the microphone that sees
so out of here once the microphone and then
we have this clip here
to cling to the shirt there you can
then stop here and press that
Open up and you can hope I can
understands me now it is not perfect
with the man song can now so
agree
that's just the head protection
That's why I think my microphone
you probably can see that
not at all and my chair can do that
We'll do it again here
and then or we will leave it now
just times I have no hands free
for that you can then under the t
perform a shirt and then here so hard
make and then you have a pretty
good sound is this microphone
this level only once for dsl so
for example, you can know me
then simply plug in the jack and
then start immediately problem is one
bit with this microphone that is
ironed relatively loud that is if I
then you have to plug it in from the
Camera off in manual mode if possible
not in automatic mode again
a bit quieter level
that's the only big problem
You can also do that live
action fights such as the
gopro then needs however
one then with the gopro an adapter and
Although from von Klinke one sees
yes here here the jack connection
on micro not on micro but on
mini usb or can it be there too
After that, it's definitely good
because these live action games like the old ones
gopro not so good microphones sound
and now i would say im
Connection is definitely coming in now
comparison video between mine
different microphones so like yourself
that sounds like it's probably
the most interesting and indeed once
between the laval here now my
microphone then between my rohde with
I normally received the news in
have and once with the internal
recognize microphone from there you will be on
hear some differences and every case
in the next news are then or is
then probably most of the time
lavallee the tolerable microphones here
and then you can do it better
understand because with the healing and so that
was a bit annoying okay then
now to the comparison video and there
we are already synonymous with the comparison video
my three microphones with the beginners
the internal microphone of my canon
Camera and you probably hear that
it actually sounded the worst
not so bad but of course
relatively much keeper and compass and it
It just sounds like shit and me
I would say I just say
few sentences for example sony has now
officially announced that they are on
this year's gamescom no press
conference and now
next we will look at each other
Let's listen to the internal so that
external without microphone to the plug I
then now on my canon camera that
is already much better but a
a bit more tinkering
that probably still knows from the
Last news issues so now I have
the red microphone as an external microphone
once on my know on top
as well as in the last news
over and you can hear came a
a little bit halder but that is all
just yes from the vote bit
heavier a bit more bass in it
you can just understand me better
It's just I do not know how to do it
I say it will be easy overall
better with a bit stronger and me
say my sentence for example sony has
now announced that they have no
press conference at this year's
gamescom
and then we come to the third
microphone and that to the microphone
I now in the next blogs and in
will then use the next news
Us the label em 006 was here
already been attached to me
beautiful so now we come to the
la wally microphone from et jut thats her
once here is the whole microphone is
the likelihood is very good
sound quality now again
a little better even less stop
that's a bit more bass though
problem actually like I did at the beginning
already mentioned that the level one
too loud or the level of the
from home comes a bit too
it's a bit too loud
If you then in manual mode
with the canon picks up then you have the
relatively far down level with it
not overdriven can be me
now again a bit
override
you definitely need a bit
perhaps a cameraman of the
then he understands and understands
has of the audio settings
yes i have to say i like it all
that mtt tm 0 and 6 really very good and
I have to say at this point again
in any case many thanks to rt that
this microphone for me here
especially for
The news I find a very cool thing
I 've got something of that, too
simply a better sound quality and
I will definitely do that now
I use that more often as I said
now my first lavalin microphone can
as his that yes the sound quality
it will be a bit better because of me
Of course, also learn and maybe
will be in the next time to one
other things that you can do it yourself
looks at or listens to and perhaps was
the video now for you all
interesting means a little
comparative video as I record
or what do I do that way?
do it if
I just do not let's play videos
record because I'm currently trying
really the quality of the news too
also increase from the blogs and me
We are definitely on the way
Best way if you have questions or
suggestions or tips then tricks
below the videos in the comments
Have a nice day and see you soon
times